This repository provides the code that has been used to obtain the results for our [vr2FHE paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/561). More specifically, the results are for the runtimes of the gates of three popular FHE libraries, namely BGV, FHEW, and TFHE, before and after the hash generation step is included in the gate computation stage. The results are obtained on a system running on Intel Xeon Silver 4210R @ 2.4 GHz with 128 GB RAM, 27.5 MB LLC and powered by Ubuntu 20.04 LTS. Due to system level variations, subsequent runs of these scripts will generate results different from the one provided in our paper. However, we assume that distributions of them will not differ by much and we will obtain observations similar to the results quoted in our paper.

Before proceeding with the demo code, please run `sudo bash setup.sh` to install the prerequisite libraries. The prerequisites include CMake, protobuf-compiler and C++. Please skip this setup step if these tools are already installed on the testing system. We have used cmake 3.29.3, protobuf-compiler 3.6.1, and g++ 9.4.0, so anything above these should also work.

To generate the results for a specific scheme (say FHEW), move to the corresponding directory (FHEW in our example) and run `sudo bash execute.sh`. These will install the specific FHE library and subsequently run the scripts to generate the results. For subsequent reruns, we advise running `sudo bash execute_*_only.sh` where * is to be replace by the name of the scheme (in our example, the code will become `sudo bash execute_FHEW_only.sh`). This skips reinstalling the FHE scheme and just compiles and runs the scripts to generate the results.

For any queries, please feel free to email them to us on [bhuvneshchaturvedi2512@kgpian.iitkgp.ac.in](mailto:bhuvneshchaturvedi2512@kgpian.iitkgp.ac.in).
